When
he's here with us, there's my heart standing
still. When he says that Franco's still there, I
can die. When he talks dirty on that phone, it's
like he's talking to me. I go to pieces when he
sneezes in his tie. When he's out caroling for us,
you know I'm never bored. He says, no problem, but I
wish that he could see. There is a problem. Mind,
because I want you so much. But if he takes me in his
arms,
Fall
in love.
I
know this shouldn't be said, I wish his girlfriend
were dead, but a tragic accident will end my scene
as well. So when in heaven we meet, I will be able to
say, my, I'm Mrs. Jeffy Chase and you're mine.
Jenny, Jenny, I love when you fall down each
Saturday night on my TV. Oh, but Jenny.
Once
he
came to see me in my dressing room. Duke helped. He
asked for a match. It broke down my heart, too. The
show began. He turned to go. He said goodbye. Oh,
no! I begged him to stay. I thought I would die. Oh,
the ghost! The ghost! The ghost! The ghost! The
ghost! He walked into a wall, and there was nothing
I could do about it. Thank
you.
Saturday night will be right back after this word
from the first shoot she's done for the
day. And so with a name like Pluckers, it's got to be
good. Hey, hold on a second. I have a game here
called...
Thank
you.
Oh,
my angel is the centiphone. Angel is the
centiphone. My blood runs cold. My memory has just
been stolen. Angel is the centiphone.
It's
okay, I understand that this ain't no never, never
land. Oh, that when this fish is gone, I'll see you
with your clothes on. Take your car, yes we will.
Take your car and drive it. Take it to a motel room
and take them all for driving. A car to me has just
been ripped. The pages from my mind are stripped.
Oh no, I can't die.
¶¶
¶¶ ¶¶
Let's
go. Let's go. Let's go.
I wouldn't
do
anything at all.
with someone that you do not know. You definitely
know that it's a counterfeit bill based on the fact
that it's been raised from 1 to 20. Or that you know
that there are no fibers that are so badly
reproduced that anyone can tell that it's
counterfeit. Then you have two options. Number
one, you do not want to
but not an innocent person passing the bill,
counterfeit bill.
and call the... Peter Dallas, you called us. We can
verify whether it's a counterfeiter.
Try
and hold on
to the bill if it's obviously a counterfeit, and
then try and get some mental description of the
person that was there so you can write it down right
away. And follow them to the door. If you look at a
car, they get the license number. We get a lot of our
information off the license numbers. Whether or
not the bill is retained in that small store or
shop,
And so we've made a lot of cases
by alert shop owners, keepers, helpers, just
observing what the person looked like, writing it
down, and getting the license tag. But never be a
jeopardizer of life. You have to play that
situation as it comes up. With people that are
counterfeiting bills, you know, printing them
out, is it real easy on a good replica Um, for, I
mean, how easy is it to tell that it is a
counterfeit? It's, uh, it's easy to counterfeit
a film because the photo process is used in the
offset printing machine. It's also easy to tell
the counterfeit film. Now, depending on the pains
that they take,
That's
why the law reads that it's illegal
to see if it's flight-like. If it's rather
three-dimensional, does it stand out?
would
be the way a layperson should do it. It's going to be
hard for them to look and see if the broken lines are
in the hair or the lines are completed and that sort
of thing. Now, if you take a bill and rub the ink off
of it, that's an old wives' tale. I've heard that
many times. Tell the counter for the bill because
the ink comes off. But the ink will come off if
that's a health bill.
I
guess that those who handled money a lot,
especially bank tellers, can feel right away.
I've asked many of them, when they caught a count of
the bill, how they did it. It said by the field, what
do you know about the fibers, the portrait, how it
looks, and all that. We just know that it doesn't
feel right. I'm sure you could tell a lot from
those. Those who handled money a lot probably
could tell quicker than others. And I can recall
the first or second day that I was in the job,
the
call
from a fellow who owned a jewelry store up to the
north and said, would you like a chicken barrel?
And I said, yes, that is a counterfeit based on the
front plate numbers and all those other
identifying characteristics that we talked
about earlier, and I'll be right out to get it. You
know where you got it? No, I don't know where I got
it. It's just in the cash drawer. I went right out to
get it, and as soon as I got there, he said, well,
where that is, somebody must have passed it off. It
was right here. So in other words, he knew that
So,
we have some of those around there, innocent
women, and we don't see that as the U.S. Attorney
Library, as far as those individuals who get
caught
And are there much, there's a lot of counterfeit
bills there. Do they do much in coins? Not anymore.
In fact, you can do almost anything to a coin.
obviously,
but the process now of altering ink oil, of course,
to Hispanic value is very, the technology is far
beyond what it used to be, so it's possible to enter
and alter
very knowledgeable
to help us out, plus our laboratory wasn't. But as
far as the street agents and myself, we don't have
that
And the last thing is, what about, like, they're
talking about government checks and people
changing names or values on them. Is that, do you
see much of that? Changing the names and the value
of the check. Yeah. Altering the check. Altering a
check. Yes.
address,
first of the same name got it. Forgery
involvement, we work pretty hard. You cannot
forge someone's name on the back of a check. But by
the same token, there are other statutes that we
cover. You cannot possess it with intention to
fraud or conspire either. You can't do that. But
occasionally we have
Now, what now happens in an operation like that? I
pay heed.
Is there any way of catching the person doing that?
Well, we do from time to time. Just prior
investigation, catch them by using the
holographic machine.
Well, that's all real interesting. What are your
plans for the future? What are you going to do? Do
you have any upcoming? I don't know. Are we
debating a future? Yeah.
for
any number of protectees and candidates that will
come into the town because we...
But
all of us are cross-trained to do each other's job,
whether it's protection of counterfeiting to
undercover, or driving the press, or doing
built-in surveys, or just the type of reports.
Everybody's trained and cross-trained to do
everybody's job. So we're small, but we know what
we're doing.
What would that, what is the alcohol?
abolish one, make it one
agency and do a better job. Face the
job. So that's what they're thinking about doing.
We would be getting in like 1,200 new agents from
Errol. And that's good. That'd be a lot of folks to
do all the work out. We would train in that area and
they would train in ours. That would be pretty
good. That would help us a lot. It would be an
enormous undertaking.
Okay,
but Steve, you're really happy with doing this?